[Music]
Oh well, this is, oh my goodness, let's change the
subject. This is, oh my goodness, let's
change the subject and let's
get a little into the subject, but
before we get into the subject of Anabel,
this happened today, she hasn't commented on it
yet, because of this, Diego,
I'm completely sure that
Marina is answering, this is a tweet from
Kiko Hernandez from this morning, okay, in
which he quotes, you know that these days
Diego Arabal, especially Diego Arabal, is being
criticized a lot for the
headlines, the use he's making of the
subject and how he's treating it. No,
man, it's just that look, stop, stop, sorry,
eh, come here where you are, urgent, very
serious, his daughter's medical report is leaked, it
's not true,
no medical report has been leaked as such, now, now,
stop, urgent, very serious, no. I mean, yes,
but I want to tell you. Of course, if we
stop to think, it's the worst thing we've ever
seen. No, but it's gone away, that he's okay, do
you understand what I want to tell you?
Then, on occasion, I sincerely
have to, look, he's not my best friend, I
say to Rabal, no, but I  taking a
walk through his channel I was watching not
because you put Diego Arabal
on Twitter right now and and you put the latest and see
everything all the people everyone the whole
planet is talking negatively about him that's
disgusting I don't know what I don't know
how much he's worth This time Marina
this Oh [ __ ] that's buggy This is
the one that appeared worse to me this one did
appear to me because I am craving and I would
understand for example a maximum
concern devastated even the latest
news about the state of health I have to
understand that obviously it is not to my
liking because I am going through a
moment but of course I would not take
the same last minute about the state of
health of Javi Oliveira's son that
the medical report is leaked very serious
urgent visits you understand me Ha Javi I don't
know to what extent what we have
right now on screen about
the report being leaked I don't know to what extent it is
actionable Do
you think it would be actionable because I
think I don't know I don't know I am not I am not a
lawyer they fear for their lives I also
see it so-so I saw this yesterday too and I
said that they fear for their lives but  I'm going to
tell you something Look, I'm
going to tell you one thing and the other,
we can post Kiko's tweet. I've
told you this before privately, eh. And it's, I'm going to
say the same thing, look how disgusting, limits and
red lines that should never be
crossed, but when you're down to two people
you do the unthinkable, I try to get
paid 4, disgusting because you put it wrong, you know how to
write fast. Okay, when you're down to
two people when you're down to two people
you know that things are tight, it's not
bad and they do the unthinkable to pay.
Well, to earn 4, of course, to earn 4, okay, okay,
eh, I told you privately, let it
be Kiko Hernández. The one who
says, the one who talks about, above all,
limits and red lines. When we have
examples and examples, I don't talk to you in
headlines because he doesn't write or have
his YouTube channel, but in things that he has
told for 20 years, inventing the
worst disease and the worst diagnosis
that exists in the world, telling
barbarities, eh, that Kiko has had
lawsuits, lawsuits and lawsuits from
characters that have completely destroyed them
that it's really Kiko Hernández
and  we all make mistakes we all
make mistakes but Kiko precisely
Kiko Hernandez, let him say it
again that's what has caught my
attention a little bit Yes but there I have
a spear in favor of Kiko nande and
a defense is worth it because of course This
has happened to me no maybe
Imagine that 6 years ago 5 years 4
years 3 years ago I insulted and I went crazy
here one afternoon with what lailo I
went crazy I insulted her and I have
even been a sexist because I have
made some insults that I have gone too far that
delegitimizes me for if I see someone today
crossing the line to fears inciso if
what Celeste Serra says what she is
saying in the chat is like that you have
told me something you have told me before
that medium exposes itself to a bossy dem but
demand yes yes what is in the middle yes what is in the
middle eh that I imagine that of course what is
in the middle will be that someone is why he
puts the the medical report
because of course it is that in reality what is
leaked no  is the medical report is it someone
who knows what's going on and it has been
filed because in the end the people of
the profession I already know what it more or less
is yes Well of course it is known because because
[ __ ] because Anabel has a lot of people no
and and that are worried about her and that and
that want to know what is going on no
and one thing is that it cannot be said
because we cannot say it that
Anabel will have to say No well look
if she wants which I don't know if she will do it well
what happened was this but we are
calm now or whatever it is that I think it
is one thing they have said she said that she is not
going to do it she is never going to tell what
happened no well I don't know if never
but come on now I think that the last thing she
is thinking about is
public matters In fact I don't know she is not
considering it but well these are health matters that
the kids go through and and and
things happen there are children to whom
suddenly it happens Hey we have all had a
scare with the kids on
some occasion Yes yes I I had a scare she runs away
or they have taken an
income Well you  you understand no yes yes
perfectly listen to me what I was saying sorry what about
Diego but
yes but well no Let's see, it's that I
was commenting on it yesterday, I think that in the
case of Diego Arabal and It's that Diego
is a guajo of all those who are
criticizing because they are giving
everyone a hard time with this no Eh What I
see Yes that headline Yes the one of such I
put myself in the shoes of the parents not of
those parents and I for example I would
understand a breaking news about the state of
health
eh Maybe also I think the point
is the single topic chalking the channel I mean
making 30 videos about something that is not
news Because for me this topic that I
told you the other day I say Marina I
see this so if I put it in the title
of the thumbnail because it is the news of the
day And such But there are no headlines or
rather this is Comment a little on what
María del Monte said what
Belén said Well what Antonio
Rossi said that I have already told you that he is the one who
rocked the most here I have already told you
why a thousand times and it is  so I mean there's no need to
search Why okay Ah now
tell me now tell me that I don't know
what she said today but
basically it's not a topic for 30
headlines there isn't because the family
isn't talking nobody knows anything No it's not
a topic for 30 headlines but it is a
topic and how do I explain it to you at a clear level I'm
talking to you at the level of written media eh
in which they do I don't know if
any active live broadcast continues I think so because
before I saw one from the newspaper The
live broadcast of the media that continues continues
continues is positioned very well on Google And
then the people how is the
topic of I don't know what comes in and it's the first thing
they see Then they see the latest hour at 7:20 x x movement The mother comes out and warns ptit comite of the record that Anabel is not going to say anything then x reporter makes it public Look this is what we know the family But evidently some movement regarding
the state of health is not going to see what we
are seeing It is movements of
entries exits of people friends of
relatives some faces better some faces
worse we are guided a little by  that but of
course for me there are many topics right now
eh I don't have time to cover
all the topics that I comment on daily for
me yes I know that it is the topic that gets visits and
I can take myself on the main channel and
have put something like this of having
had 200,000 visits or
100,000 But well If you make a
video two videos you have already informed or a
live a day no like
some are doing but for 30 videos there was no
headline also I tell you there is no lack of
respect I have not seen anything from them either for
example with Juanjo what I have seen is they are
devastated They are worried I have not
seen him in reality the same as on other
occasions I tell you the opposite okay But
if the gra gra are the ways to
attract the ways to attract Look at this
headline if there was also a lot of controversy
the other day okay to me this one seemed
very serious okay why you you Here you see You
see the letters it seems that he has died it seems that
Julio Iglesias has died No
apart he does not have He is not 88 years old he is
less clear it is that Clear but yes clear
Yes but of course you see this thumbnail and
here in  little one you put on the one who
had actually died, on top of that
his own followers tell him so and
your father says I don't know what No wait I
wait for you to go to the
optician or to get your head fixed one
of the two things because iñaki
urruti says Let's see yesterday you were playing with the
death of Julio Iglesias with the death
of Julio Iglesias your mother
or your father must have played you know blame the followers for
not reading the yellow print that they have a
problem it's a bit the I see in him
a lot of Joan Plana personality that's why
maybe there I would do some self-criticism
of evidently J Diego is an
intelligent guy knows how to stir up the hornet's nest and
knows how I know how this works and he
has done it thinking about that of course
evidently what I was going for that I
however this issue of Anabel removing
some things Yes this of such I have not
seen it as serious as what people are doing
and I think it's more already the the
How do you say this saying of
getting famous and then it stays with you no I mean it's
like some already get famous and others c Ah no  I don't know what
you don't know what it's like It's like
people aren't into this
Anabel thing anymore but into the usual pile of
this when this when it's not one thing it
's another when it's not Julio Iglesia
you know it's a little bit out there why
people are already exploding because I
sincerely have certain
mixed feelings there you know with this
topic but I haven't seen it in the
Anabel case that any of my colleagues have
taken it excessively badly I wouldn't have
made maybe as many videos
as some have done okay But because there's
no topic for example shut me up eh you
shut me up a moment ago ask me for
forgiveness well Sorry excuse me eh there were
people who were
trying to justify themselves with the
Daniel Sancho issue let's say the Daniel
Sancho issue first true crime second
different it's a
crime of passion with things behind it that
every day every day the Sancho issue I
remember I that every day there was a headline
came out the one who kept quiet came out I don't know what it was
discovered that he had lied in fact the
same as a child who is bad but it's terrible
but let's recognize because  It's that they
even had to comment on it. The day I went, that's
life, I mean, it gets mixed
up because of who he was, the son and grandson of
who he was, with the gossip press,
reading every week, everything was Daniel Sancho. The
first week on the
gossip programs, it was about the topic that was being talked about, and they
changed the subject matter because that was what was
getting the audience, so there were several
components, the son of a very famous actor
and a very famous, very famous grandson of
a very famous actor, so of course,
in the end, uh, the two things got mixed up a bit,
but obviously it has
nothing to do with it. Please, talking about it was
a topic that needed to be talked about because more and
more information was coming out, it was a scandal,
you know, but the fact that a child gets sick and is
admitted doesn't give you enough time for 30 videos, I mean, it gives you the reason
why, well, you do the
daily live reports on the news that has come
out, and maybe you take out some
excerpts because it's the news of the day,
obviously not, eh. But well, I think that
people know a lot about this
topic, eh. Not only Kiko Hernández, I've
seen a lot of comments in
recent days, especially on social media. eh  But
well, Diego Arrabal will answer this
or what. Because of course Kiko Kiko
Hernandez, ever since he did that,
Kiko has had his head turned on him. In fact, ever
since he gave him that warning that he
gave him since we were gone. Do you remember
that he gave him a warning? Next time I'm
going to talk about this and that. It
seems like he's hoping the
other guy will go and answer him. So let's
see if the other guy says something to him. Yes, because
this time it's true that things are as they
are, Diego hasn't alluded to
him. So this time the war has started.
Kiko. So to speak, for something that, of
course, he's looking for him, but I
think it's because he wants to get things out of him
and he wants him to answer to talk about.
Maybe about other topics, that's what I
think. Why did he give him the warning since we
were gone? No, the next time he
talks, I'm going to talk about this topic, about
this topic, and about this topic, he said something
like that about the car, no, and those things. No, well, it
surprises me because, uh, Kiko, who
is supposedly
calmer now, happy, and such. How eager is he to
get into these things?  matters the truth
But well I would be bus I would be teasing it has been
found is that
many people are talking about heo eh it has been it is
being talked about a lot eh the subject of the
youtubers and the headlines of many
media also not only of the youtubers
Canarias s Canarias 7 let's see I have
deleted the Canarias 7 they have deleted it Yes
but come on it does not
matter Well of course not at this level I have
seen many many times that it is asked to
rectify something and I rectify it
of course not at this level it has nothing to do you
know and I do not know I do not know to what extent I did not
know it is that I have not gotten to see it
well in yours that is The screenshots out
there No I have it but I did not read it yesterday and it
is very unpleasant why am I going to
read it again you know or rather Comment a
little on what is supposed that they have
found out that has happened to the girl
no and the concern
um well it is a major scare if it is what
canera 7 says it is a
major scare but from what I have been
informing myself today it could be something that is
controlled and hopefully it is like that no  m
I think it is very actionable, I don't know how they
get it into their heads to have
published or something like that, eh, you who are a
journalist, Marina, eye eye eye, the
fact that it is actionable does not prevent it from being true or not, what
happens to us a little bit, always, what
we talk about, I always think it is true, yeah,
more or less, more or less. I think it
will be true that it has been leaked, but
no, it is not that
a medical report has been leaked, it is that someone, someone
knows a doctor or or not even a
doctor, not even a medical source, maybe it is
any friend of Anabel
who, upon leaving, was told that he is a
member of a media outlet from the
Canary Islands, which makes
perfect sense, but it is at least an
acquaintance, Anabis, it is already archived, you
know, but to what extent Marina, you
can give that type of information. No,
look, eh. Look, I'm going to give you an example,
eh. You cannot give that type of
information under any circumstances,
when what happened to Rafael happened, I
found out. I mean, I can find out first
if I want about the diagnosis or X things and
I cannot give, eh, I cannot give his
diagnosis publicly
No, that has to be done by the main person, the family, the hospital, agreed upon with the family, health issues and issues, and look, and another thing that will always catch my attention, health issues, wow, what a good question, but I think nothing would happen there, precisely in the example that you just gave me, eh,
in
it, but if it were Isabel Pantoja, you don't
get one, you get one, never, never, never,
Antonio Rossi, I know that he has had
information about things or problems
that Isabel Pantoja has had and he has always
talked about problems with her state x but he has
never given the diagnosis, is he not, he
cannot, and not only that, there is
something else that you cannot, but if it's true, you cannot, no.
Although if it's true, you cannot, it's
not true. But who are you
to reveal this, it's as if you say
if I didn't upload anything yesterday and you say you
have such and such, you have which, you know,
no, María Patiño protested because of course
she was condemned for giving a
diagnosis of María José Campanario that it
was something that María José Campanario had, I do
n't know what it was, but then,
apparently, in the end, over time,
María José herself  She told it and
confirmed that what
María Patiño had said was true but of course María
Patiño said it before Look how good Well
look and not just about health for example
eh it's been years since we saw on the cover of
a magazine eh Toñi Moreno and Rosana two
special friends on vacation Imma
Cuesta and Vanessa Martín two
special friends who are leaving You believe the
cover is intentional it was made
because it was noticeable that they were together
and then they confirmed it I'm talking to you
about the two of them because they confirmed it
Pablo Alborán Pablo was the first one that
he decided to tell eh that
men liked him publicly if a magazine
before that a month before publishes an
image of Pablo Alborán with a man
kissing and says that they are a couple, such and such, it
puts one on you however when it is in
heterosexual couples and it is a
public figure it doesn't happen There I have that issue
of sexuality either no because it is not
the fact that you reveal that you are
sleeping with someone or that you have a
new fling but rather it is taking out of the
closet everything that has everything to do
with  sexuality either Of course
but what is being demanded is not that you are
saying that you are involved with a
person but that you are giving
information about his orientation that he has
not given about his orientation But
look, say health of intimacy intimacy It
depends it depends eh example tomorrow
example tomorrow Alba Carrillo is with
Iker Casillas and tomorrow a magazine will
have him on the cover damn they sentenced him
remember the a orbid ant twice
50,000 euros in each of them
because he said that he had slept with
Alejandro Lequio in this bed that he had
in his room that had a
hallway and then there was the room I don't
know what I mean and they don't enter into judging if it is
true or a lie they don't enter into that
play Of course I do believe it
she agreed but she plays with they have
sentenced her for defamation and it's like well they
have sentenced her because you cannot
talk about this they do not enter into assessing if it
is true or a lie cl totally but
look that I do not see it that I in that
case I do not see it that is what I tell you it is
total eh total sellout  your your I mean
let's see if you are a character that
trades on who you sleep with And
who you marry and who you
hook up with How is it going to be suable that
a How does it go How is it going to be logical that
a person has to pay you 100,000
turkeys because they say that they sleep
with you But I don't know to what extent at
that stage Lequio because Lequio has been around for a
bit at the time yes many
years ago he sold his life but I don't know eh To
what extent at that stage he was limited to being a
collaborator and this lady came holding on
to Sálvame but of course it was in Sálvame she
did the recreation the bed they took her to the
place the place that is the restaurant
the bathroom what you said then there I
forget she got carried away and the
main culprit was her but
but look I was surprised by
that sentence eh I mean not because she didn't
deserve it but because in the end Lequio
is a character also of
public interest he is known he has exposed himself but
of course there are so many there are not so many such an
exaggerated sentence I mean e
That is the same sentence that he has
pipi who is paying terelu because he
already paid it he already paid it he already finished
paying it he paid it well said pipi started
counting the sexual nights with terelu in
a series he did in interview then of
course they sentenced him but [ __ ] they
sentenced him I think it was 11000
euros 11 11 or 200000 euros But what are you saying
Javi I think they were 60000 70000 he
had to pay Búscalo those are those are they are the Of course of course well that is
the
final sentence or rather what he had to
pay but I think the sentence the sentence
was I don't know if it was 11 and then
he appealed and the appeal went wrong and they
gave him 20 or 30 but the sentence
was the first 11 but for sure Ah But
because it was 1000 years ago also I don't know
what it would be like now no no what happens is that
with him since he didn't pay in note because it was
n't his balls to pay Well as
the years go by he pays interest he
pays interest  and they put 80,000 on him
yes they seized it In fact yes yes I
remember perfectly perfectly eh
Ah look 60 75 Yes yes yes it was quite a lot yes
what they charge on TV half more
than half went to that I remember I
remember but it was because they are interests
because he didn't pay at the time but wow
interests that double or triple the
original initial amount those Cos those
things but and above all yes above
all if you have money Marina that one
thing is that you Anyway I think that the
judges this may already make me
slip up eh but I
think that they take into account your
economic capacity, I mean I think they are
never going to give you a sentence that you are not
going to pay, I mean an ordinary person who
works as a hairdresser is not
going to get a sentence of 200,000 you
know because life is not going to pay it You know
imagine it is not four times
what his house is worth but a person
who is doing an interview series
for which he will have been paid for that series
to tell  her intimacies with Terelu,
well they give her a sentence that is in line
with what she has earned for the
series, but the thing is that they also give you that
sentence but the story has already been
told in the end that does not repair your,
your damage to your image, that good damage to your
image, yes, to your intimacy, well that's
more than there are many times when the
lawsuits are not to repair your damage to your
image, to your intimacy, but for the
battle that you have with the other person. So
at that moment, Terelu, who
later did an interview, she was
talking about the truckers
walking around with her, I don't know what, I don't know how much
and the things that she has said about her
intimacies, but of course at that moment she was
interested in beating
this man up, yes, no, no, gone from Anabel to
Terelu, eh. But well, it's because of the issue of
intimacies, but that's what I'm telling
you, I mean, that's why I'm telling you that
someone who leaks that information in the
media, that I haven't read, eh.
Really, I mean, I've seen, I've seen it but I haven't
read it in the media, I mean, I didn't know that there was
screenshots of course I imagine that
people will have freaked out and said whoa whoa
this is you
know I have I have the screenshot it
seems like an outrage but but you
posted it you posted it here yesterday we read it it
was something that said something about the
girl having been colluded and
that they left on Wednesday you know or rather it
goes into a series of details that yes
Well what has been said that
this Yes it can be said is that she had
first gone to the private hospital and it didn't have
enough resources and then she left She
went to the maternal and child hospital but let's say
that's a very normal thing but there
were also a lot of people debating that so you can
see So you can see the private one and it's
not about that let's see more of that in
total the public hospitals
that we have in general They are
very important and they are very and they are
equipped with a lot of technology and
everything and everything that is there is
normally worth it So what happens is
that many times they can count on things
and with tools and resources that
a private one doesn't have, which is smaller than
maybe a small clinic that
is for other things and not  for a
big operation for example no that happens a
lot it happens a lot apart from that the
doctors in the private sector are the same as
those in the public sector. Almost all the
doctors I know, I even have
relatives who work in the private sector
but they work in the public sector too. Of course, of
course Yes, yes sometimes they are the
same ones totally totally look I was
going to ask you do you think that if I write to
Canarias 7 I can have a blog there like they
had another media outlet? Will they give me a blog there or do you
think that they won't have a
budget that it's going to go away? I think there's going to be
a
vacant position oysters eh No no way,
besides it must be a media outlet I don't
want to go looking for a sentence here it's
a big sentence eh I don't know if, I mean I do
n't know if it's a big media outlet in the Canary Islands
there is someone here from Can Can Arias which is
like the classic media outlet there but it is it is
a big sentence eh but I'm surprised
that they didn't think about it three times before
publishing it's up to you that you wouldn't
see it I mean and you're not but that's why it
happens it doesn't cross my mind it doesn't
cross my mind let's say in fact I'm already
telling you  I already know more or less what it is, I do
n't know if you know, but you more or less
know because there are many people in the
profession who already know. But for no reason,
no reason, out of bad intentions or
content or anything like that,
but man, Anabel Pantoja
gets along with everyone in the media and
people are very fond of her and people
are worried and people know what has
happened and I have seen two
colleagues who have gone there, two
colleagues
who are not even talking
about her health, they are
talking about the health of her baby, her
daughter. You know that, no, I don't know how it
occurred to them to even put up Put
that news, the truth. Look, they are
saying that it is one of the
major media outlets in the Islands, the most
read newspapers. Yeah, well, They
have taken a chance, they said, let's have
the exclusive and we are going to,
no, no, but if it were possible, we could have
published or told
everyone, x but the thing is, nobody
knows, you have to know, there is a
limit, a limit, you know, we
can all make mistakes, eh, with things, just like
I remember something, I think it was  when
the father died
and yes it was him it wasn't Eh well it doesn't matter I don't
want to tell this story it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
but yes,
mistakes can be made but reaching these
levels is not a total blunder the
most important media in the Canary Islands okay
great you've come out Sorry to
interrupt you they've come out
the Indian just sent it to me they've come out an article and
everything look criticisms of Diego Rabal for
playing this this Cachito so that Lili
includes it in the previous extract no criticisms
of Diego Arrabal for playing with the
publication of the medical report of
Anabel
Pantoja's daughter Anabel Pantoja's daughter is still
hospitalized and the reason is still unknown
something that corresponds to the parents
and then they put some
comments here what I told you I mean
this is Look at this Look
already tremendous
[Music]